Okay, there's a lot that I want to kind of uplift and achieve with PAI version 5.
I'm going to talk through it all, and I suppose I'd like you to help me distill this down.
What I want to get to is I essentially want to have a company working for me.
That company is going to be made up of agents who I'm really going to think about like my employees.
I really want to be able to interrogate it so that I can see my accountant.
I can see my gym trainer.
I can see someone, the person who helps with my resumes.
I can see the product managers for each of my companies, my engineers, my gym trainer, my life coach, interview coach.
I want someone who looks at all the AI news and makes sure I'm keeping up to date with the bleeding edge of AI.
So talking PAI frameworks, other things influencers are doing, things Claude's doing, Anthropic I should say.
Things like what ChatGPT is doing, thought initiatives like what's going on in the media, Diary of a CEO, what's Stephen Bartlett talking about, that kind of stuff.
I want someone who's going to summarize and give me all that.
My life coach will be making sure I'm keeping up with my micro habits and going on improvement paths and whatnot.
So there's that.
That's really where I want to get to.
To get there, there's a few things.
I mentioned the agent approach.
I'm thinking of agents like employees of a company.
Hire new ones where I need it or create an agent.
Merge roles where needed.
So bring the agents together.
I'd like everything to work in Markdown natively.
And that would all exist within the Workspace directory.
So, and that Workspace directory should get pushed to my Git remote daily.
So everything, all my working things are in there.
So for example, if I put a document in that I've been given to review,
that should then be represented in Markdown.
And all of that should be built as an Obsidian brain.
So if I wanted to go have a look in Obsidian,
I should see everything beautifully linked up together.
The output documents would then all eventually just be pushed to my OneDrive,
given the current structure.
That probably then leads to, I want to build up a knowledge base.
I want to index everything I've currently done through AI, across PAI,
ChatGPT, which I've used extensively.
I want to go through all my documents in my OneDrive,
both personal and company,
and put that all together to build up, I suppose, my company.
So the projects I need context for,
the agents who need to have history and whatnot.
We go through a process of building that up,
I suppose, as a one-off exercise to really build that base.
And obviously that will continue to mature over time.
I would then like to also look at things like getting connectors for my Outlook,
for my GitHub, for my Google Cloud.
I want to start using Perplexity.
Are there any other AI tools I should be using?
I mentioned I want to pull in ChatGPT,
all the historic there.
Is there a place when you still be using that engine?
I want to pull in my Pocketsmith data,
so I can really hone in on my budget,
so the accountant can help me with that.
I also have a project I advise on that uses linear.
I currently pull that manually using scripts into GitHub.
Is there a way I can get an agent to help me with that?
Because at the moment,
there's a lot of work I have to do there to maintain that.
And I want to train up an agent to do that for me.
I also really want to focus on how can I get a home box set up.
So I've got my Dell XPS laptops here
that I've just done a fresh Ubuntu installation on.
How can I get that working for me
so that if my Mac is asleep or turned off,
I can still have agents working for me on that?
How can that fit in with PAI?
How can I make sure I can work with it seamlessly on my Mac?
How can I make sure I can talk to it on my phone when I'm away
so I can always keep things moving?
And the way I think of that is like
I can always be on the company Slack channel
talking to my digital assistant or my chief of staff
to then pass things on to all those teams
to make sure we are being as productive as possible.
And I think I'll come to learn to use the Pulse dashboard
and I really want to make use of that.
At the moment, I have a huge to-do list of things
which I could talk to.
But a lot of it will probably build up
what I want these agents to look like,
what I want these projects to look like
and what I want to be done on a reoccurring basis
so that it is always working in the background
like a company of employees would be.
I'm going to go through my to-do list now.
It's quite extensive.
Some of it is very physical tasks
that I just need scheduled into my day.
Some of them I'll need input on
and other ones I'd love for PAI to go away
and start working on it iteratively
with a team of agents.
So if I start off with my home to-do list,
I need to clean my bathroom,
I need to clean the couch,
clean all my devices.
I need to send through a message
for one of my good mate's birthday.
I need to chase Airbnb for a refund.
I need to clean up my apartment
following the dog being here.
I need to work out what dates I want Hazel in June.
I need to wash my bed.
I need to fold my washing.
I need to clean up from the weekend.
I need to clean my car.
I need to reconcile pocket smith.
And I also need to review my budget.
Hopefully, I won't have to do that
if we can get it set up properly with agents.
It's just sending me a summary and advice.
If I look to my professional scope,
things I need to be doing,
I really want to get moving
on the call-out app development again.
That's kind of stalled,
but I think there's an opportunity there
that is going to pass
if I don't get that working soon.
So I need that working.
I want to make sure I get this AI tooling right.
I want to be able to get that 100 times productivity
by having a company of agents working for me.
I want to start building that up now
so that although I may have to do a lot initially,
over time, those agents will get better and better.
And I won't have the problem
with these massive to-do lists,
which is really the big driver.
McKinsey sent me an email asking for my transcript.
They've also asked me to do their solve assessment,
so I need to do prep for that
and work out when I'm going to do that.
Hopefully, going to hear back from BCG this week
and move through to case interviews,
so I need to be doing case interview prep.
And I need to be doing more job applications,
looking through both Seek and LinkedIn
to get applications,
to try to look at both more digital consulting roles
but also start applying
for some more engineering-focused roles
because the digital shift,
the shift to digital consulting,
strategy consulting is being a bit slower.
It's a tough economy.
It's hard to stand out.
And I need a job, basically.
So that's probably a very high priority
is that I need to be getting a job very soon.
And at the moment, I'm a little anxious
because I don't have a lot of irons in the fire
that are actively progressing.
They're all moving quite slowly.
As part of that, I applied to Heidi last week.
I want to message their TA partner on LinkedIn.
That probably needs to be done today.
The other main area of my life is life-saving.
So I have three roles there.
I'm the deputy chair of life-saving
for Surf Life-Saving Australia.
And I've just finished up in that role, actually,
at the end of May.
I still need to send them through
an excellence claim for my last trip, though.
I'm then very active at my local
South Melbourne Life-Saving Club.
I don't hold a formal role there,
but I have just put a quote together
for a grant.
And I need to follow up four quotes for that.
My biggest role at the moment in life-saving
is the state life-saving communications officer
for Life-Saving Victoria.
That role is where all my LIMSOC work comes in.
As part of that role,
I need to review...
There's an ops review scope document
that I've been sent that I need to review.
There's a couple of feature briefs for LIMSOC
that I need to review.
I need to put together an email
around how we're going to engage our stakeholders
for LIMSOC off the back of a discussion
I had with Alex yesterday.
I need to call Jack McNeil from SLSQ.
I pissed him off,
and I basically need to call him and apologise.
There's some work I need to do
around the National Data Standard.
I've been sent information on that,
and they want to know how it goes into LIMSOC,
so I want to get across that
so I can give them advice.
I need to call Nick Giblin,
who's the State Emergency Management Officer,
to talk to him about some projects we have upcoming.
Aside from that,
just on a personal note,
I'd also like to, in the Life-Saving space,
put together a Life-Member application
and a Hall of Fame application for Chris Jacobson,
a good mate who has done a lot of work
for Surf Life-Saving,
and I think I should put that application together.
My plan for that is to kind of put together
a WhatsApp group of some key people.
I obviously need to pull the documents from SLS Hub,
put that together,
and then hopefully go to a WhatsApp group
of close people to Chris,
who know the work he's done,
who know the application process,
and then we can put those applications together.
That's my big, long to-do list at the moment.
There's a lot to do.
So it kind of starts with PAI,
but you can see everything
I want to assist me with over time.
I essentially have a few domains in my life.
I mention my personal stuff.
That's one thing.
I then have Access Buddy
and Lifesaver on Call,
or the Callout app,
which I want to be working on
as business opportunities.
I really want to be working on my personal skill set
in the AI space.
I really want to be a leader there.
I want to talk to my friends,
and they'll be impressed with how good my setup is.
Getting my home box running is one element of that.
Obviously, one of the biggest priorities for me
is finding a day job.
That needs to be a priority.
Applying for jobs,
prepping for interviews.
That's another one.
Then I have my life-saving personas.
So my South Melbourne Life-Saving Club member role,
and my state life-saving communications officer role.
Finishing up at SLSA, though,
so we won't need to worry about that too much going forward.
This is a big brain dump of everything
I suppose I'm trying to achieve
and want to convey to you.
Help me distill this down into action plans.
Obviously, there's some things you need to do
to set up my AI infrastructure.
There are some projects we need to get the context set up
and agents set up with the appropriate memory.
We need to create a plan.
We need to have the right agents in place
to manage my calendar,
make sure I'm putting attention in the right spots,
and also manage this massive to-do list
to make sure I'm getting things done
and not spinning wheels.
The other key area of my life
that I haven't mentioned, actually,
is my health.
I want a gym trainer.
I want to be...
hit my target weight of 85 kilos.
I've gone from 96 down to 90-ish,
but now I've kind of stalled.
I'm still lifting heavy at the gym,
but that's another big priority for me is my health.
And then once I get a job
and some of this other stuff quietens down
and you get back to dating
and stuff like that,
so that's a bit of an overview of me
to try and get things set up.
So,
I'll be right back to you.
So,
I'll be right back to you.

I'll be right back to you.

I'll be right back to you.

I'll be right back to you.

I'll be right back to you.

I'll be right back to you.
