Quotes

People have to earn the right to complain. Earn it by at least trying to solve it

Strong opinions loosely help

Jervons paradox- disruption brings more jobs

Future will favor the wide over the narrow
Superpowers are extra superpowers when you take them somewhere new. (In your current env, everyone has them, in a new environment they are a massive differentiator)

Portfolio of interests 

We need
- [ ] Deep expertise
- [ ] Ai Expertise - productivity multiplier of the expertise
- [ ] People skills 

Care
Continuous asking responding and evaluation 
Question every day when you log in

Everythin you want is downstream. 
Doesn’t mean you don’t fight for something. But don’t swim upstream.
If something feels like you are having to swim upstream, you don’t enjoy doing it. It’s not with how hard it is it’s not worth it

It’s not lost on me….
I wanted to appreciate that

Uber toe stepping - the truth is more important
Great minds don’t think alike
Before you try change the world, let the world change you - take input 

Most interesting people in the room are the most interested people in the room

Ask questions that throw people off autopilot

Remembering names
1. Shampoo - lather, rinse, repeat
2. Listen, repeat, reply
- everyone forgets to listen. You were thinking about what you were going to talk about. Like a computer, can’t read and write at the same time 
- Instantly repeat twice. Is it Steve or Stephen?
- Is it Stephen with a v or a ph. Then have something to associate it.
- If it’s easy to spell, oh, Jacob I like that shirt, nice v neck, where’d you get it. Associates a story.
- Or associate to someone you know. My sister is dating someone named Jacob

Always wrap things in a story
- it doesn’t matter what you do/say
- It matters what they remember and what they’ll tell other people

Peoples focus will be where yours is
- look at your watch, that’s their focus

PCP Model- 3 cascading steps the human brain goes through when being influenced
- Perception - your acknowledgement and understanding

Language should be resonating, not directing. Resonate, then guide. Get into their river (of thought) and flow with them.

If you call out the script, you weaken its power. (Firm hand shake- call out exactly what they are wanting to happen. - wow that handshake is really firm. I read an article a few weeks ago that only alpha males do that.) - Say the quiet part out loud. If I can surface that, I get more control of a situation.
Anything I can get you aware of that’s running inside your own head, I can then use that to start massively transform you behaviour.
By calling it out, it allows the conversation to break away from it.

- context - everyone will get naked today, probably not in the middle of the office though, story about hypnotized sheriff 

- Permission

Framing a meetings with outcomes is perception

Context of standing in front of a shower gives me permission to strip naked.

In what context would the decision I need this person to make be an automatic thing

Negative dissociation. Get them to agree not how they are going to act, but who they are as a human being. Prompt an I am in their head


Precommitment- MIT study 
- savings, 3%-15% if they recommitted to savings
- I am the type of person who goes to the gym is much stronger than I will go to the gym tomorrow


You are creating a hallway between anxiety and cognitive dissidence 
- anxiety is fear of social rejection
- Cognitive dissidence is making someone feel like they aren’t being true to their identity

Humans are creatures that avoid discomfort

I won’t be friends with anyone in private unless they are will to say something in public that will cost them. - are they authentic, are they happy to stand up for something they believe in

Best way to influence people is to make them feel clever. 
If I present two pieces of information and let you link them instead of me linking them.
An idea that came from your own mind you are unable to resist
- news headline. Women goes missing. Neighbors reported fight between her and spouse. Details after the break. 
- Your brain is like, u know what happened. They make you feel clever. Two pieces of data but they don’t tell you to put it together.
- Two pieces of information your brain is familiar with

Give people information so they associate it with an arch type. (File clerk in your head, getting files out all day, you want to influence the files).
You want to give them the middle of the story, so people complete the arch type story in their head.

Arch types- type of story - 12 of them

What arch type are the people around you?

Rice framework - listen to cia one for it.
You need to listen to someone long enough for them to hand their ideology over to you

Think
How far from the norm
How much time will it take
Time distance problem
￼


It’s supposed to be fun. It’s supposed to be a game. (Quote about life)

Alan Watts - most of man’s memory comes from taking seriously what God made for fun.

Altruistic 

Social media raised millions and had to desend into ads to make that money back.
For AI it’s billions. They’re getting to the end of the honeymoon phase where they got VC, now they have to pay it back. They have to monetize it. Brace for enshitification

One will descend, they will all descend. Collective action problem 

Angela duckworth grit

Happiness comes when you get the three between right - between yourself and others.  Yourself and your work. You and something larger than yourself

What is it to live a meaningful life? To live a lifetime in a day. 
5 things to create an ark.
- [ ] Spend time in childhood. In wonder, in play. Something that brings us joy.
- [ ] In work. Productivity and agency
- [ ] Solitude 
- [ ] Community - engaging with others.
- [ ] Retirement - in reflection


In tech, there is one winner
- [ ] Amazon
- [ ] Google
Everyone is racing to be the one AI

What makes the world beautiful and interesting is human error. We don’t want to watch two ais play chess, but 100s go to watch chess masters. Art - value of handmade. The value of the imperfections. Books with typos

Extremists- said online shops were the death of stores. We still have shopping centres. They did get disrupted though. At the end of the day humans are on the other end

IRS digitised. They saved 0 dollars. Got rid of all the accountants, hired the tech people. Workforce was the same, it just looked different 

Build. Teach. Lead.

If one AI leans it, they all learn it. But if they make a mistake, they all make the same mistake. The resilience of human society is because we all have different skills, we all have different failure modes, we all make different mistakes. 

Similarly, one AI learns it, they all learn it. If a human learns to drive a car, they can drive anywhere. Self driving cars need to relearn and remap each new location.


AI is like transportation. Transportation could mean a scooter or a rocket. Different forms of transportation are better suited for different needs. Everyone is being star struck by the rockets

CEO used to be under promise, over deliver. Now it’s over promise under deliver. Pull the future forward. 3 yeas ago musk said 1M autonomous taxis on the road in three years. Not the case. But he got capital. He got buy in. He enabled the future.

Elon has launched 90% of rockets into space. Space X - 16B in revenue, 8B profit. Going out at IPO projected evaluation of 90-110x revenue. Google went out at 10x revenue and was growing 10 times as fast. Key attribute of an innovator is story telling. Promise is way ahead of the performance, access capital and bring the future forward.


AI won’t take your job. Someone who can use AI will take your job

More smaller companies. Efficiency improves ebita, can invest more in different companies

Most important skill - story telling

People are losing the skill of rejection
Young men are less resilient to no.
Want to pin CV above your weight? Get out a big spoon and get ready to eat shit

Sell your self long
Assume you are selling yourself short

Decline in religion, replaced by tech. It does things people don’t understand

Tech CEOs don’t care about you. They are there to make money

Can we trust AI? Can we trust the execs? We shouldn’t have to. Legislators are supposed to do that. We don’t have cartoons on cigarettes any more.

All the tech CEOs got from Annikan to death Vader. It’s getting quicker, they are just doing there job. Sam Altman is the same

Above 2-3% GDP, almost always a crash. Railroads, electrification, internet
Amazon - 1999-2001 - 94/97%
Facebook - 2022 - 72%

AI isn’t guaranteed to succeed.
AI replaces AI. All the models are converging.
Jet transportation manufacturing. Incredibly important. Lots of failures. Not that profitable even for the big companies.
PCs - no one has been able to massively capitalize off consumer PCs.
Vaccines- saved millions of lives. Moderna is down 40%

Receipts for love are grief and anxiety

Do the verb rather than trying to be the noun 

Writing things down for meeting docs is not just for communicating the idea to others. It’s sounding out the idea and completing the idea for you.

A walk may or may not solve all your problems, but it definitely won’t make them worse

Tesla trading at 155x revenue. Most car companies 10-15. Create a vision, to get cheap capital to bring the future forward. 
3 years ago we were supposed to have 1M autonomous taxis

Community is a group of people who choose to grow together

How will you know you lived a life worth living? People will pick up keep going with what I was doing

American execs went to see Japanese vehicle assembly lines. Americans have a person at the end that goes along with a rubber mallet to make sure they fit. Americans ask, how do you know the door will fit? The Japanese: we made sure it would when we engineered it.